we do not leave that we almost do not see that
duke flame look you I make you a
temple but your head appears uy
but you look for me you will not find me
with the magic door I appear behind
is class couplets that go wrong to a great
bar kid boy not if you get up I'm going to
take his trunk and come fabric for his
culito antonio boy I have your mother
pomp screaming the club requested
that you pass the process of crying not
avoid this is a man's thing if you do not
It is normal that you study
really swelling that man and
spoiled with a crazy mother with a
group but parents at your head you're
finish I'm sorry what you play I'll hit you
a beating and we are u2 my style knows
is the best does not scream says what sit on
you're just going to look like head that
kicked the ass this stupid fool
kitty with me with you consider that your rap
it's good but it's crap and I find it
comical - to vomit more than the pepper not
ment does it is fatal you should look
in your magic pocket some invention for
make me
normal you are fatter than a
habitual consumer of kentucky fried
chicken came that I explained to you I
It happens to eat so much but there is here that
Those people in my neighborhood can not eat
with the course if it does not arise is shits for
see a better robot I keep everything
follow the little boy not now you judge rhymes
They impact like garbage stumps you have
by hands remind me of
surgeon drivers call me
heads and on the shoulders it seems that
It takes its name My brain is also
big you are only a brunette a hat
a five-year-old boy that I only think about
women guys this is the mentality of
rude storm and is that you
you face a thousand folios what you want
old flame your mother has 29 in your
I love it is that you are fun and I
I say with scoundrel is what happens
to massa or with that shaved part of flo
it's also a field where he never kept
until your friend bocha with presumptions
let it be played now and how it is for me caracas
arms the conceited child that is not
circular
well it's not for so much broke position
of street I will call when bringing today's
throw ultra lightning and you because it failed to
where are you going with hard ska pm music nor a
I'll kill you right away, your little friend
good couple
the lobby to enter is a novice and that's how it is
you see it is that I do not like something
picadillo of the right and of the reverse no
you are at my height fuck bring me to a
cat of the 23rd century this combat has
finished boy and now just me
It is to say if they also live well if you
you decide
no no no
replicas battles of the rap of the frikismo
Goku control does not look like Naruto and
although he had a very hard lack of
game I'm on top of the world but
before I was in the mud tell me how many
have sometimes had to be mine
none that I can remember you have a
alone the somewhat rare truth so full
of a pervert who lives on a beach
I think that against me you do not win
battle, you're just brute force
intelligence nothing took microns of the
power willing to be with looking for what
do and very simple I tell you that it's not going to
to know or where my attack comes from
you are an idiot who killed his grandfather the
Skate husband of the year, of course
get ready to fight with win
It's difficult for me to presume that I'm going to
deform the face so much that you'll have to
use the jacob mask you think
beat me your thick pineapple veil seen
better technical battles and u2 are the
ninja turtles and double before masters
you left forgot almost to turn already
you nor is the regenerated edge is case to
the sole of his fieros there
you want this to be a real match to
see if you use a farm to pass the
puberty
if they start me to do a study with
leaves with a devastating blow better than
you hide as your life if you do not want
feel what is terror today run
the matter because that is the point of lomé
all fighter go brown the bastard sum
of the balls well back as you do not go
brave you are too innocent
I guess he attacks calmly front me
I chuté conscious sdg where I get
even if nothing does not mess up
growing field I will be little is
name if I thought everything you will see
I defined it clearly, better not look at your
hairstyle does not seem like a case of combing
find its meaning I leave it
of course they are fed up viewers that's why
it is better that on suffering that I am
play to pay you hear better shut up now
I have you take off from a
farm loves me through rectal route
you were looking for something you should have made some mistake
have trained like that because if you
I was really wise I would avoid fighting
against me I have been an idol of all
childhood relevance you will get face
it would not be me but you would share
control and not of the pending vote
I'm going to tear you up just like he did but
in nothing better than run it without your
look and I do not care about anything because I had in
my eyes do not need the strength to
give one in that beating to a female what
who has expressed is a blessed I'm going to
to sit victorious over his corpse
while brains eating a bowl
spill forgive my words I hope not
to have bothered I'm afraid negrín come
hit me showing your friends does not work anymore
that a punching bag throws my sad self
I take it and kicked it my most
powerful than his nine with the boards
I have strength fell well from the base
I do not know that you already have routes
that you will lose against me a level of
idiocy is over 9000 raise your
hands hands hands I will not throw a
entity martín the way of line of that
small and send him back to bed
but it is weaker than the fucked up but
feel my blows was his destiny now
you can go see the fuck for
any of its six paths
who you follow you decide
yes the votes
I am